these are fine dunks but they get better
we start with a smaller guy who came up
just short in the dunk contest Kenny
Smith it was almost king for a day in
1990 and you're wondering how does a guy
lose doing something like this good
question this looks like a good Jenny
who says big men can't get down look at
Larry Nance his two ball dance was good
enough to sink dr. J and 84 but then
Larry left in the first round by in some
parting gifts an 85 number eight we
combine two other guys who never won but
easily could have darren's Stansberry
and Shawn Kemp Stansbury played along in
85 and 86 and 87 but lost to some other
big names on our list and although he
could jump very very high
shawn kemp fell short on foretold
contest you can know we all got really
pumped up for number seven don't look
now it's Dee Brown and whether he could
see during this no look damn that really
doesn't matter does it who cares I mean
it was cool and I got the hardware at 91
and he wanted all them when Kobe hit the
scene in 97 no one knew what to expect
so number eight set us straight even
with the first round 37 Kobe rose the
occasion took home the crown and surely
thereafter started throwing more hair
I'm speaking of hair are you kidding
what about Julius Erving at number five
he paved the way for future flies back
when they still play with money looking
bucks although he beat out David
Thompson for the ABA title in 76 doc
failed to winning two tries in the NBA
by the way he was the first man to do
this
and that's everyone really Julia it's
hard to give someone who's listed at 57
and can jump over a car a rank as low as
4 yeah but for what it's worth spud blew
us away after this bounce off the
backboard and had to carry a trophy at
86 it was almost bigger than he was god
bless us everyone the human highlight
film to junk titles for Dominique he's
at number three in a close loss to
Michael Jordan arguably the best show da
never will be quiet now
let's go
I think we all knew of insanity kajam
but 2000 was a chunky things were over
before they started this high jump event
Carter would later use hand signals in
case the judges weren't sure
and a number one baby jordan just won't
do the originals the one originality
being his thing
you